docs: support Express v5, recommend new separate Express packages (#8064)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/migration.mdx

```

- If you're currently using the `apollo-server` package, you should use the [`startStandaloneServer`](#migrate-from-apollo-server) function.
- If you're currently using the `apollo-server-express` package, you should use the [`expressMiddleware`](#migrate-from-apollo-server-express) function in the `@as-integrations/express4` package.

The [`@apollo/server` package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@apollo/server) exports these functions alongside the  `ApolloServer` class.

> > In Apollo Server 4, `@apollo/server` also contains a copy of the same `expressMiddleware` function from `@as-integrations/express4` package. We recommend you use the separate integration package instead of the copy in `@apollo/server`, which will be removed in a future major version of Apollo Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In Apollo Server 4, `@apollo/server` also contains a copy of the same `expressMiddleware` function from `@as-integrations/express4` package. We recommend you use the separate integration package instead of the copy in `@apollo/server`, which a future major version of Apollo Server will remove.
```

Author: I appreciate avoiding passive voice, though is it really accurate that it's the software (rather than the team) that will remove it? Taking your suggestion anyway.
